# Week 2 Homework

Because we'll be doing a lot of software development stuff going
forward, let's do a different angle this week.  Let's explore the idea
of agentic AIs with a deep research style AI.

I want you to pick an obsure topic you know *a lot* of information
about.  It doesn't have to be a academic topic - could be how to build
a particular League of Legends character or the esoteric details about
the made up science of a SciFi novel.  Within this topic, choose a
particular goal that you might want to convey to someone who doesn't
have as much knowledge as you: maybe you wanna explain why a
particular item is critical to the character's build, or express how
the differences between the science in the book and TV version
reflected the differing themes.  Pick things that are obsure, but have
broadly a "right answer" in your view, and that you feel strongly
about.

Please do the above first and think carefully!  For you to evaluate
the AI's reasoning you need a nice meaty topic and you'll only have
limited prompts to get the job done.

Go to www.peplexity.ai and be sure you've selected the "Research"
option.

Be careful here - I think you get only 3 questions per day, and I'm
going ask you to do 3 steps, so make sure each one really counts.

## Step 1a: Do an analysis

Start by asking the AI to talk about a topic area that you are focused
on.  Go ahead and prompt it in a reasonably specific way.  Here's one
I did:

    Explain the long term impact of the roleplaying game Apocalypse
    World on the indie tabletop RPG community

You should see it searching for information, finding sources, etc.  If
you've configured it right it should take a few minutes.

Click on the "steps" tab a take a look at what it's doing.  You should
see it doing 3 things:

1.  Reading sources to understand the topic (this is the deep research
aspect)

2.  Deciding what it should reseach next based on both current results
and a broader plan of what to do (this is the reasoning part of the
model)

3.  Summarizing the results in the final report (this is the sort of
class LLM thing)


## Step 1b: Focus the analysis

It's a cool thing to generate a detailed analysis in a few minutes,
but sometimes that obscure a more critical question - is the analysis
actually a good analysis in that it generates the most important
points?

You'll probably find that although its analysis is interesting - it
doesn't focus on what you consider most important.  Redirect it's
focus to what you consider most important:

    Change the focus to talk about the idea of a playbook, what makes
    a good playbook, and how that influenced other games

## Step 2a: Have an argument

Hopefully you'll get something even more interesting - but consider:
is its analysis right?  Consider for a minute that maybe your
personal take might be wrong, or maybe also the AI is dumb.  Craft a
prompt that asks it to explore the possibilities, and make sure you
have it take a position:

    Someone might argue that the real innovation of playbooks was
    allowing each character a fixed set of powerful and thematic moves
    in a way they could directly see, making play easier and more fun.
    Contrast that viewpoint with the other views of playbooks you
    think are most common, where possible citing sources rather
    than developing your own analysis.  Then articulate your own point
    of view on the question.

Take a look at its argument and see if it really holds water.  AI and
human writers both have a tendency to want to take all sides - rather
than actually articulating a single coherient position - see if it
avoided that in this case.

Write me 3 sentence analysis of the AIs arguement, focusing on wether
you think the position the AI took was (a) correct and (b) well
justified.

## Step 2b

Do one more thing: the analysis should include citations.  Pick an
interesting one and track it down - do you think that analysis of the
citation is right (i.e. does it correctly represent the viewpoint of
the thing cited).

Write me 2 sentences about if you think it was a correct
representation.

# What to submit:

Just submit your answers to 2a and 2b as a pdf or or similar format.